Fix schema on state point that is list of dicts that contain lists (#1030)
glotzerlab/signac: changelog.txt

Version 2
=========

[2.4.0] -- 2025-xx-xx
---------------------

Fixed
+++++

>  - Schema detection when a state point was a list of dictionaries having lists (#1030).

Reviewer: A state point must be a dict at the root. Do you mean “a dictionary of lists containing dictionaries (possibly of lists)?”

>  - Schema detection when a state point was a list of dictionaries having lists (#1030).

Author: ```suggestion
 - Schema detection when a state point value is a list of dictionaries having lists (#1030).
```
